---
layout: post
title: Life
date: 2005-07-18 04:36
author: admin
comments: true
categories: [Life]
---
Hockey.  It&apos;s back!  I love it!  For the first time in my life I&apos;m living in a hockey city and I plan to go see some games!  I&apos;m going to go when the Red Wings come, the Oilers, the Flames and the Mighty Ducks... and well... as many others as I can afford to get to.

You know how sometimes friendships just change?  You don&apos;t plan it, you don&apos;tknow what happened for sure, but things are different?  I hate that.  It sucks so much.

I love when being lazy has some quirky beneficial side-effect.  It&apos;s rare, but it happens sometime.  It happened today.  I didn&apos;t feel like taking a long trip to the edge of the known universe (Known as Montreal) and it turned out well.  Had I gone it would have actually screwed something up.

/cheer laziness

My next two weekends are going to be hectic and crazy.  So much time on planes.  I&apos;m starting to really not like them.  Spending time crammed in a metal box high above the earth with a bunch of strangers just isn&apos;t how I like to spend my time.

Starting tomorrow I shift into minor miracle mode.  It&apos;s been so long since I&apos;ve been there.  Then again, it&apos;s been so long since I had too.  This week, the code will flow.  I will become one with it.  Good things will happen with it.  A coder in the zone.  All that jazz.  Good times :)

I have a question, is the air conditioner or the dish washer the greatest invention?  I love them both!
