---
layout: post
title: Emm
date: 2005-09-08 05:11
author: admin
comments: true
categories: [Life]
---
Tonight, I saw Emm play.  I listened to Emm play.  I lost myself in the blissful audio groove that emanates from her.  She is simply amazing.  Seeing her play live is almost life altering.  Being able to hear Emm play live is the closest thing to a religious experience that exists in my life.

The raw passion that she has, that bleeds through the lyrics and rips through the chords, is amazing.  The best day of the year has just happened!  She talks between songs, telling stories, making you laugh.  Then she takes you to highest of highs and the lowest of lows with her music.

At one point she was playing Disco Lights and she made the club start the disco ball spinning before she started.  Then she rocked through the song, just her voice and a psychedelic liquid bass line that dripped of nostalgia and freedom.  It sounded nothing like it does when she normally plays it, yet it was still amazing and unique beyond belief.

She followed that song up with a heart wrenching, nearly tear jerking, a cappella song that could bring the strongest person to their knees with the bared sadness and exquisite beauty of it all.

If the new songs she played are any indication of the quality of her new album, I can&apos;t wait to buy it!  Her new songs are simply amazing.  They are sadder than normal, which she herself commented on, yet they are still beautiful.  One of the things I have always loved about Emm&apos;s music is how she plays with words, and she continues this great trend with her new songs.

I&apos;m very glad that I was able to make it to the show (conveniently played across the street from where I work).  The atmosphere was very intimate.  The little club was full, but it was just that, a little club.  

Such a little club, that even though I work across the street from it, I had never heard of it before.  You walk up to it and there isn&apos;t even a name on the door.  There is only an address; 5390.  You open the plain glass door, walk up a set of steep beaten up stairs, take a right and you step into a grand room.  It has high ceilings, a good size stage, hardwood floors, the aforementioned disco ball, a small bar and functional seating.

It was a wonderful evening!  I&apos;ll smile for a solid week :)

<a href="http://www.emmgryner.com/">Emm&apos;s Website</a>
