---
layout: post
title: 26
date: 2005-09-26 17:25
author: admin
comments: true
categories: [Life]
---
So, 26.  Yeah, that&apos;s my age now.  I picked up a +1 to age over the weekend.  It took 365 days of grinding/farming to get it (if you play WoW, you might understand).

Honestly it doesn&apos;t feel any different.  I feel like I just turned 22.  I sort of have a giant four year gap in my life that was caused by my last job.  I pretty much worked insanely hard for very insane hours and... yeah, so I missed out on a lot of those things people do.  One of those years, I swear, I don&apos;t even remember seeing the sun.

I was talking with my Dad about getting older.  He was the one who asked me if it felt any different.  We got around to talking about how after about 25 it doesn&apos;t matter how old you are.  There aren&apos;t any more real milestones that you&apos;re looking for.  16 - get a drivers liscence;  17-18 - graduate high school.  19 - old enough to drink here.  21 - old enough to drink in the US.  22-25 finish college or university if you&apos;re into that kind of thing (I was until I dropped out due to boredom).

However, as with every birthday I find myself contemplating the future.  I find myself wondering what there is out there left for me to do and to accomplish.  There are no longer any hard limit goals in life it seems.  They all seem to be "I would like to do X by the time I&apos;m Y".  Also, a lot of the things ahead of me aren&apos;t the kinds of things you can force to happen.

Things like falling in love, starting a family and raising kids.  You just can&apos;t make that happy and be happy about it.  There are things you can do to increase the chance of things starting, by putting yourself out there but...  

Ultimately you can&apos;t say "If I go out three times a week for 34 weeks then I&apos;ll be married" though.  There is no mathematical equation for the most important things in life.  They are just things that seem to happen.  Sometimes it can literally take a lifetime to find them.

So I&apos;ve been trying to find some goals that I can work toward.  Some nice, simple, concrete goals.  Little things like "Really, no, REALLY hang those curtains. Seriously!  I meant it this time."  Although the are starting to sound more like mandates than goals.

The day before my birthday I went to the doctor.  I was going there to finally get the test results for the vial after vial of blood that they took out of me.  All is well.  She had one slightly negative things to say, apparently my folate intake is down.  As far as I can tell that means I need to eat more vegetables.  Well... I already knew that.  As soon as they make some vegetables that taste better.  The other thing that stood out was my cholesterol.  Apparently my cholesterol is excellent.  In her words "You have no cholesterol."

So what do I do when I find out I have no cholesterol?  I go out and by bacon and eggs and chow down on a giant old fashioned breakfast :)

Work is pulling me away...
