---
layout: post
title: Genuine
date: 2006-01-22 06:20
author: admin
comments: true
categories: [Life]
---
From the dictionary:

gen·u·ine
adj.

   1. Actually possessing the alleged or apparent attribute or character: genuine leather.
   2. Not spurious or counterfeit; authentic. See Synonyms at authentic.
   3.
         1. Honestly felt or experienced: genuine devotion.
         2. Actual; real: a genuine dilemma.
   4. Free from hypocrisy or dishonesty; sincere.
   5. Being of pure or original stock: a genuine Hawaiian

I asked someone last night what they thought of me.  They said that I was genuine, honorable and loyal.  I really only remember this because of alcohol induced dreaming, and the fact that I didn&apos;t close my IM conversation when I headed to bed to pass out.

I found it sort of interesting.  The word genuine doesn&apos;t tend to come up in day to day conversation.  Most people would hardly ever think to use it.  However, this seems to be the first word that people always think of when they describe me.

Of course, I take being called genuine as a compliment =)

The last woman that told me I was genuine went on to tell me that if she didn&apos;t have a boyfriend she would probably fall in love with me.  Which was interesting, because if she hadn&apos;t had a boyfriend I would have probably let myself fall completely in love with her too.

The woman who told me I was genuine last night is someone I consider to be quite a special.  She has this wonderful sense of freedom about her.  She makes me smile every single day.  She has become a wonderful friend.  She is definitely someone I hope to get to know better and learn more about.  I would like to be around in some capacity to witness the challenges, successes and failures of her life; for I think her life will be a wonderful journey.

Anyway, there is this very odd parallel that exists between these two women.  From how we met, right down to where they are from and the names of the places they moved.  Now, freaky coincidences like this always seem to happen throughout my life, so I don&apos;t really think anything more of them than "Hey, now that is odd."  or "Hahaha" because words don&apos;t always work.

And as of tonight, they both have access to my blog.  My journal.  My little place where my mind wanders and my heart rests snugly on my sleeve.  The place where I don&apos;t hide things.

Hasta manana Chica
