---
layout: post
title: Push & Pull
date: 2006-01-24 16:32
author: admin
comments: true
categories: [Life]
---
Last night my brother-in-law and I made some Gnome rogues in World of Warcraft.  We named them Push &amp; Pull.  We make a mean duo!

So far, only one person has commented on the naming.  He won a prize.

There is a history to the push and pull naming.  Many, many years ago when Zelda: The Ocarina of Time came out the original "Push/Pull" problem scenario presented itself to us.

In, I believe the Forest Temple, there is a room in the dungeon with what looks like a three sided vertical gear in the middle.  When we got there, we instinctively thought "That has to move".  

I happened to be in control at that point.  I ran right over and pulled on it.  Nothing happened.  I pulled again.  Still nothing.  I believe at that point someone suggested pushing it, to which I said "If I can&apos;t pull it, there&apos;s no way I can push it."

We spent the next several hours trying to rotate the temple around the room in various ways.  Always to know avail.  Then ultimately we went back to the room, pushed on the gear, et voila, all was revealed.  This is the most famous and fundamental example of Push &amp; Pull.

There was another time previous to that when we were playing Earthbound, and at the final battle we had gone through every possible ability and skill save for one.  You see, Pray was pretty much useless throughout the rest of the game, so we didn&apos;t think to try it.  Then my sister comes in the room and says "Just pray.  It&apos;s all that&apos;s left."  My brother-in-law and I looked at each other skeptically, and then prayed.  Sure enough, final boss, dead.

In other news, last night there was major wiggage.  I was completely out of my mind there for a while.  Whether it was the sugar, or the normal inducer for wiggage (there is none) I don&apos;t know.  I know I was wigging enough that someone actually mentioned that I wasn&apos;t my usual self.

Wiggage is a wonderful phenomenon.  This is a word that my brother-in-law and I thought we had invented.  Then one night we were watching She&apos;s All That (I&apos;m a Rachael Leigh Cook fan) and one of the characters used the word wiggage in a sentance.  Much astonishment, disbelief and wiggage ensued!

I would like to find an adequate way to describe wiggage.  It&apos;s like something overtakes you and you become someone else briefly.  It&apos;s like being randomly intoxicated for free right out of the blue.  Just BAM! and you&apos;re drunk on life.

The following is a major wiggage inducing line after hours of driving on a lonely highway in the dark: "Geese, Meese, Neese, Cabeese"

If you are not already an insider to the wiggage madness and can translate that from Wigganese to English you get 
