---
layout: post
title: Moved In
date: 2006-04-17 20:55
author: admin
comments: true
categories: [Life]
---
Well, I'm moved in to my new apartment now.  By moved in I mean that all of the boxes and furniture are in it, I have cable and internet hooked up, and I have cooked at least one meal there.

It was really nice to sleep in my own bed again this weekend.  It made for a lot of lazy sleeping in.

I got my phone number changed this weekend, so if anyone tried to call and couldn't get a hold of me; that's why.

This morning was the first trip to work from my new place.  There really isn't anything amazing about that.  I had to take a bus though.  People who know me, know I hate buses.  It went better then I could have hoped.  I believe that since it is Easter Monday and a lot of people have it off that the transit system wasn't very crowded, so it was a good day to start.  I didn't even get lost, which is what normally happens.

I'm really liking my neighbourhood.  I've already found a great restaurant where I will be taking anyone who visits.  Much like I took everyone who visited me in Montreal to Villa du Souvlaki, or at least tried to.  There is a place here called Stepho's that everyone tells me I should go to if I like souvlaki.  I'll probably check it out this weekend.  I've been missing my Sunday souvlaki.  The Saturday Korean BBQ has been a good substitute though.  Certainly the conversation is always entertaining.

It seems that living next door to a grocery store is every bit as convenient as I ever thought it would be.  I think I'll be stopping by there every day on the way home from work to pick up various odds and ends.  They have some great chocolate milk that comes in the classic glass milk bottles.  Stylish, trendy *and* tasty.

I brought some friends over to show them my place after lunch on Saturday.  In typical "Sean" fashion I am way out of my league in my building.  As I took my friends in and we were walking through the lobby one of them while looking around actually asked "Do I have to wear a suit when I come and visit you now?" Haha.

That is all for this random update.
