---
layout: post
title: Christmas 2.0
date: 2006-12-22 12:19
author: admin
comments: true
categories: [Life]
---
So last night was pretty cool.  Caulle was exactly who I expected her to be.  After meeting Paschen in person, he seems a lot nicer than I had assumed.  Seltzer was also pretty cool, though not at all what I expeced.  We didn't do too much after we met up, but it was still awesome to finally put "real" faces to the names and voices.  I say real, because a lot of people post pictures of themselves that are 1-5+ years old; and they don't neccessarily still look like that.

I bought what will most likely be Holly's last Christmas present last night.  On the way home today I'm going to pick up one of her other present's, but it has already been paid for so it gets relegated to second last.  I could still use some stocking stuffers as well, but I haven't had much luck with those yet.

We finally decided how we are going to do our Christmas last night.  After I get back from New Brunswick and we survive the big Near Year's Eve bash, we're going to take all of the presents we got each other and put them under our tree.  Then the next Saturday will be celebrated like Christmas (so we get to Christmas' this year :) ).  We'll open our presents, putter around, have a Christmas dinner, etc.  The extra waiting will be tough, but the end result will be nice I think.  Plus it will be really nice to see the Christmas tree with presents under it.

And as a last thought, being in a ginormous mall this close to Christmas is how I imagine Hell to be.
