---
layout: post
title: Christmas Eve 2008
date: 2008-12-24 15:53
author: admin
comments: true
categories: [Life]
---
A lot has happened since I last put words in this place.  My car was finally fixed and returned.  Work got a little bit insane there for a while.  An old high school friend of mine passed away.  So much.  In fact, too much to even try and get into here.  So rather than catch everyone up right now, I'm going to do something more immediate.

Yesterday was my last day of work at this job.

For 2008.

Yes, there is a lot of economic uncertainty.  And the place I work has let about 6% of their work force go, with plans to probably let go of another 6-10% if you believe the rumours in the news.  All I can say to you all is this; don't worry about me, I'm secure in my role.

Now, on to that more immediate stuff that I was talking about.  Today, this very day, this day which is happening right now; is Christmas Eve!  Do you know what that means?  That means that tomorrow is Christmas!!!  While a part of me is very sad that I'm not with my whole family this year; like I have been for the last 28 years; I understand this is part of life.  

To all of you not here, I miss you very much and love you all!  I hope you have a wonderful Christmas this year and I hope that we can have another Christmas together in the future.  For now, I'm doing my best to just live in the now and embrace it as it is rather than think about what it isn't.  I don't want to ruin Christmas for my lovely wife who gets to have Christmas with her family this year.  I know she missed them dearly last year.

This year thing are a little out of sorts.  You see, out here on the west coast we are having a <i>white Christmas</i>.  Yes, you read that right.  I have pictures to prove it.  This is the first white Christmas out here since 1998.  For those of you mentally tabulating those numbers, that's a whole decade.  I say decade, because it sounds so much more impressive than 10 years.

And now, a few snippets of Weather and Christmas Tree.

[gallery]

